https://x.com/ethereum                                      Ethereum Foundation                                         @ethereum                                                   Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 3.5M Followers                                              
https://x.com/Cardano_CF                                    Cardano Foundation                                          @Cardano_CF                                                 Yes                                                         630 Following                                               823.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Hela_Network                                  HeLa Labs  | HLUSD                                          @Hela_Network                                               Yes                                                         26 Following                                                127.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Glacier_Labs                                  Glacier Network                                             @Glacier_Labs                                               Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 185.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/CTXCBlockchain                                Cortex Labs                                                 @CTXCBlockchain                                             Yes                                                         166 Following                                               53.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SolanaStatus                                  Solana Status                                               @SolanaStatus                                               Yes                                                         4 Following                                                 124.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/vexanium                                      Vexanium Blockchain Foundation                              @vexanium                                                   Yes                                                         458 Following                                               12.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ice_blockchain                                Ice Open Network                                            @ice_blockchain                                             Yes                                                         101 Following                                               2.5M Followers                                              
https://x.com/romeblockchain                                Rome Blockchain Labs Inc.                                   @romeblockchain                                             Yes                                                         96 Following                                                8,195 Followers                                             
https://x.com/CeBioLabs                                     CeBioLabs $CBSL - #Blockchain meets #Cannabis               @CeBioLabs                                                  Yes                                                         15 Following                                                10.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlockchainAssn                                Blockchain Association                                      @BlockchainAssn                                             Yes                                                         682 Following                                               36K Followers                                               
https://x.com/CipherExpert1                                 Recovery Foundation                                         @CipherExpert1                                              Yes                                                         5,295 Following                                             8,120 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Neo_Blockchain                                Neo Smart Economy                                           @Neo_Blockchain                                             Yes                                                         165 Following                                               421K Followers                                              
https://x.com/chia_project                                  Chia Network                                                @chia_project                                               Yes                                                         663 Following                                               101.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Venom_network_                                Venom Network                                               @Venom_network_                                             Yes                                                         31 Following                                                835.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/PiNetwo8689                                   Pi Network crypto investigator/blockchain reseamem          @PiNetwo8689                                                Yes                                                         1,428 Following                                             22.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/0xSonicLabs                                   Sonic Labs (prev. Fantom)                                   @0xSonicLabs                                                Yes                                                         350 Following                                               691.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Conflux_Network                               Conflux Network Official                                    @Conflux_Network                                            Yes                                                         1,243 Following                                             120.7K Followers                                            
https://x.com/BEconomy_HQ                                   Blockchain Economy                                          @BEconomy_HQ                                                Yes                                                         94 Following                                                21.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Sanemavcil                                    Sanem Avcil  #Blockchain ₿                                  @Sanemavcil                                                 Yes                                                         44K Following                                               52.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BCBacker                                      Blockchain Backer                                           @BCBacker                                                   Yes                                                         643 Following                                               299.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/VenomFoundation                               Venom Foundation                                            @VenomFoundation                                            Yes                                                         16 Following                                                1.2M Followers                                              
https://x.com/Wire_Blockchain                               Wire Network                                                @Wire_Blockchain                                            Yes                                                         226 Following                                               10.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/dapperlabs                                    Dapper Labs                                                 @dapperlabs                                                 Yes                                                         470 Following                                               133.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/bsnbase                                       Blockchain-based Service Network (BSN)                      @bsnbase                                                    No                                                          840 Following                                               10.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KaJLabs                                       KaJ Labs Foundation                                         @KaJLabs                                                    Yes                                                         501 Following                                               40.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SundaeSwap                                    Sundae Labs                                                 @SundaeSwap                                                 Yes                                                         196 Following                                               248.3K Followers                                            
https://x.com/SuiNetwork                                    Sui                                                         @SuiNetwork                                                 Yes                                                         524 Following                                               824.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Dot_Blockchain                                Dotchain | DOT                                              @Dot_Blockchain                                             Yes                                                         2 Following                                                 63.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/megaeth_labs                                  MegaETH                                                     @megaeth_labs                                               Yes                                                         4 Following                                                 45.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/cryptomilliee                                 BlockChain Millie                                           @cryptomilliee                                              Yes                                                         1,180 Following                                             11.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BoringSleuth                                  TruthLabs                                                   @BoringSleuth                                               Yes                                                         3,244 Following                                             39.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/StarterLabsHQ                                 Starter Labs                                                @StarterLabsHQ                                              Yes                                                         780 Following                                               100.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/klever_org                                    Klever Blockchain                                           @klever_org                                                 Yes                                                         176 Following                                               11.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Casper_Network                                Casper                                                      @Casper_Network                                             Yes                                                         400 Following                                               226K Followers                                              
https://x.com/labsgroupio                                   LABS Group                                                  @labsgroupio                                                Yes                                                         112 Following                                               58.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CalBlockchain                                 Blockchain at Berkeley                                      @CalBlockchain                                              Yes                                                         1,154 Following                                             25.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/volantechaincom                               Volante Labs                                                @volantechaincom                                            Yes                                                         3 Following                                                 33.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/alenka_w3                                     Alenka | TON Foundation                                     @alenka_w3                                                  Yes                                                         49 Following                                                72.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/labs_moore                                    Moore Labs                                                  @labs_moore                                                 Yes                                                         238 Following                                               24.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SaharaLabsAI                                  Sahara AI                                                   @SaharaLabsAI                                               Yes                                                         38 Following                                                121.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/PandaCryptoLabs                               Panda                                                       @PandaCryptoLabs                                            Yes                                                         396 Following                                               5,049 Followers                                             
https://x.com/blockchain135                                 Vito                                                        @blockchain135                                              Yes                                                         438 Following                                               65.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/dWalletLabs                                   dWallet Labs                                                @dWalletLabs                                                Yes                                                         53 Following                                                9,302 Followers                                             
https://x.com/AlgoFoundation                                Algorand Foundation                                         @AlgoFoundation                                             Yes                                                         878 Following                                               157.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/arpaofficial                                  ARPA Network                                                @arpaofficial                                               Yes                                                         542 Following                                               104.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/elvis_analyst                                 Elvis                                                       @elvis_analyst                                              Yes                                                         578 Following                                               6,928 Followers                                             
https://x.com/uniultra_xyz                                  U2U Network                                                 @uniultra_xyz                                               Yes                                                         290 Following                                               278.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/cPenCoreTeam                                  cPen Network                                                @cPenCoreTeam                                               Yes                                                         5 Following                                                 316.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/SkaleNetwork                                  SKALE                                                       @SkaleNetwork                                               Yes                                                         424 Following                                               220.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/realresearch_                                 Real Research                                               @realresearch_                                              Yes                                                         28 Following                                                5,686 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Atleta_Network                                Atleta Network                                              @Atleta_Network                                             Yes                                                         24 Following                                                153K Followers                                              
https://x.com/ZecreyLabs                                    Zecrey Labs | Building Kontos Protocol                      @ZecreyLabs                                                 Yes                                                         103 Following                                               155.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/HathorNetwork                                 Hathor Network                                              @HathorNetwork                                              Yes                                                         42 Following                                                62K Followers                                               
https://x.com/blockchainsprts                               Blockchain Sports                                           @blockchainsprts                                            No                                                          129 Following                                               84.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CelerNetwork                                  CelerNetwork                                                @CelerNetwork                                               Yes                                                         729 Following                                               211.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Ronin_Network                                 Ronin                                                       @Ronin_Network                                              Yes                                                         921 Following                                               229.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/ShibariumNet                                  Shibarium Network                                           @ShibariumNet                                               Yes                                                         5 Following                                                 159.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/morpheuslabs_io                               Morpheus Labs                                               @morpheuslabs_io                                            Yes                                                         140 Following                                               34K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Icetea_Labs                                   Icetea Labs                                                 @Icetea_Labs                                                No                                                          42 Following                                                70.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/M6Labs                                        M6 Labs                                                     @M6Labs                                                     Yes                                                         745 Following                                               7,324 Followers                                             
https://x.com/OKCNetwork                                    OKT Chain                                                   @OKCNetwork                                                 Yes                                                         47 Following                                                208.7K Followers                                            
https://x.com/wormhole_labs                                 Wormhole Labs                                               @wormhole_labs                                              Yes                                                         5 Following                                                 86.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/qiibeefdn                                     qiibee foundation                                           @qiibeefdn                                                  Yes                                                         11 Following                                                326K Followers                                              
https://x.com/OntologyNetwork                               Ontology #BUIDL4Web3                                        @OntologyNetwork                                            Yes                                                         692 Following                                               223.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Edu3Labs                                      Edu3Labs                                                    @Edu3Labs                                                   Yes                                                         94 Following                                                171.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/SecretPadBot                                  Secret LaunchPad on TON Blockchain                          @SecretPadBot                                               No                                                          2,944 Following                                             222.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/SolarNetwork                                  Solar                                                       @SolarNetwork                                               No                                                          137 Following                                               46.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/JumpstartJake                                 BlockchainJake                                              @JumpstartJake                                              Yes                                                         6,749 Following                                             8,527 Followers                                             
https://x.com/sovereign_labs                                Sovereign                                                   @sovereign_labs                                             Yes                                                         2 Following                                                 13.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MassaLabs                                     Massa Labs | Devcon                                         @MassaLabs                                                  Yes                                                         56 Following                                                58.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/vitelabs                                      Vite Labs                                                   @vitelabs                                                   Yes                                                         357 Following                                               56.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MoonKnightLabs                                Moon Knight Labs                                            @MoonKnightLabs                                             No                                                          11 Following                                                10.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/FuzzingLabs                                   FuzzingLabs                                                 @FuzzingLabs                                                Yes                                                         3,729 Following                                             6,486 Followers                                             
https://x.com/CV_Labs                                       CV Labs                                                     @CV_Labs                                                    Yes                                                         1,461 Following                                             9,117 Followers                                             
https://x.com/provenancefdn                                 Provenance Blockchain Foundation                            @provenancefdn                                              Yes                                                         676 Following                                               5,058 Followers                                             
https://x.com/CMResearchTeams                               Cryptomind Research                                         @CMResearchTeams                                            Yes                                                         222 Following                                               5,523 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Somnia_Network                                Somnia - a Fully Onchain World                              @Somnia_Network                                             Yes                                                         64 Following                                                269.3K Followers                                            
https://x.com/AminuCryptoLabs                               Aminu Crypto Labs                                           @AminuCryptoLabs                                            Yes                                                         292 Following                                               17K Followers                                               
https://x.com/GXChainGlobal                                 REI Network｜From #GXChain!                                  @GXChainGlobal                                              Yes                                                         594 Following                                               131.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/0xytocinX                                     0xytocin Labs                                               @0xytocinX                                                  Yes                                                         770 Following                                               8,607 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ZcashFoundation                               Zcash Foundation                                            @ZcashFoundation                                            Yes                                                         939 Following                                               21.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Weaver_Labs                                   Weaver Labs                                                 @Weaver_Labs                                                Yes                                                         715 Following                                               66.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AlliumLabs                                    Allium                                                      @AlliumLabs                                                 Yes                                                         13 Following                                                5,331 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Fuse_network                                  Fuse Network  Devcon                                        @Fuse_network                                               Yes                                                         960 Following                                               130.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/InjectiveLabs                                 Injective Labs                                              @InjectiveLabs                                              Yes                                                         3 Following                                                 12.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/cryptotruer                                   Crypto Enthusiast                                           @cryptotruer                                                Yes                                                         27 Following                                                20.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DuskFoundation                                Dusk                                                        @DuskFoundation                                             Yes                                                         380 Following                                               68.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ankh_labs                                     AnkhLabs                                                    @ankh_labs                                                  Yes                                                         49 Following                                                18.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/QuaiNetwork                                   Quai Network (Q, Q)                                         @QuaiNetwork                                                Yes                                                         669 Following                                               273.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/blockdagnetwork                               BlockDAG Network                                            @blockdagnetwork                                            Yes                                                         41 Following                                                132K Followers                                              
https://x.com/Artela_Network                                Artela                                                      @Artela_Network                                             Yes                                                         151 Following                                               346.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/XDC_Network_                                  XDC Network                                                 @XDC_Network_                                               Yes                                                         920 Following                                               107.3K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Aiden_Labs                                    Aiden Labs                                                  @Aiden_Labs                                                 Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 15.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/aeternity                                     Aeternity Foundation                                        @aeternity                                                  Yes                                                         725 Following                                               47.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/fluiditylabs                                  Fluidity Labs - (,)                                         @fluiditylabs                                               Yes                                                         35 Following                                                21.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AIWayfinder                                   Wayfinder Foundation                                        @AIWayfinder                                                Yes                                                         436 Following                                               15.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/0xSoulProtocol                                Soul Labs                                                   @0xSoulProtocol                                             Yes                                                         4 Following                                                 6,983 Followers                                             
https://x.com/cellframenet                                  Cellframe Network                                           @cellframenet                                               Yes                                                         36 Following                                                46.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/quant_network                                 Quant                                                       @quant_network                                              Yes                                                         1,311 Following                                             149.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/LabosNomades                                  Nomadic Labs                                                @LabosNomades                                               Yes                                                         169 Following                                               11K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Amechainquantum                               AME Chain - Quantum Secure Network                          @Amechainquantum                                            Yes                                                         40 Following                                                61.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AstraLabs_Inc                                 AstraLabs Inc.                                              @AstraLabs_Inc                                              Yes                                                         2 Following                                                 6,877 Followers                                             
https://x.com/xBlockchainBabe                               Waldo                                                       @xBlockchainBabe                                            No                                                          3,012 Following                                             48.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/0xRoundTable                                  Round Table Network - Web3/Crypto/NFTs                      @0xRoundTable                                               Yes                                                         4,181 Following                                             67.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TheRootNetwork                                The Root Network                                            @TheRootNetwork                                             Yes                                                         57 Following                                                64.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/seascapenetwork                               Seascape Network                                            @seascapenetwork                                            Yes                                                         432 Following                                               118.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/MXCfoundation                                 MXC Foundation | Moonchain.com Now Live                     @MXCfoundation                                              Yes                                                         307 Following                                               35K Followers                                               
https://x.com/AttariusN                                     Attarius Network                                            @AttariusN                                                  Yes                                                         109 Following                                               112.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Alias_labs                                    Alias                                                       @Alias_labs                                                 Yes                                                         46 Following                                                102.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/sooo_labs                                     SOOO                                                        @sooo_labs                                                  Yes                                                         28 Following                                                34.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/polybase_xyz                                  Polybase Labs                                               @polybase_xyz                                               Yes                                                         6 Following                                                 11.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TanssiNetwork                                 Tanssi                                                      @TanssiNetwork                                              Yes                                                         4 Following                                                 46.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/theSIXnetwork                                 SIX Network (,)                                             @theSIXnetwork                                              Yes                                                         162 Following                                               21.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/iHarryBanks                                   HARRY | RaidExpert                                          @iHarryBanks                                                Yes                                                         443 Following                                               7,777 Followers                                             
https://x.com/FlintLabsHQ                                   Flint Labs                                                  @FlintLabsHQ                                                Yes                                                         2 Following                                                 14.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ardanlabs                                     Ardan Labs                                                  @ardanlabs                                                  Yes                                                         176 Following                                               5,963 Followers                                             
https://x.com/MazzeLabs                                     Mazze                                                       @MazzeLabs                                                  Yes                                                         32 Following                                                11.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/RaylsLabs                                     Rayls                                                       @RaylsLabs                                                  Yes                                                         25 Following                                                35.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SweetyAI_Labs                                 Sweety.AI  Devcon                                           @SweetyAI_Labs                                              Yes                                                         36 Following                                                26.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlockchainKenya                               Blockchain Association of Kenya (BAK)                       @BlockchainKenya                                            No                                                          214 Following                                               5,300 Followers                                             
https://x.com/RyzeLabs                                      Ryze Labs                                                   @RyzeLabs                                                   Yes                                                         1,707 Following                                             29.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/OptimaiNetwork                                OptimAI Network                                             @OptimaiNetwork                                             Yes                                                         12 Following                                                91.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/metrocoin_one                                 Metro Network                                               @metrocoin_one                                              Yes                                                         1 Following                                                 24.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MiamiVibeOrg                                  Miami AI Network                                            @MiamiVibeOrg                                               Yes                                                         19 Following                                                8,218 Followers                                             
https://x.com/magnetaixyz                                   Magnet Labs                                                 @magnetaixyz                                                Yes                                                         44 Following                                                8,268 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ayetunetwork                                  Ayetu Network                                               @ayetunetwork                                               Yes                                                         24 Following                                                17.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Voi_Net                                       Voi Network                                                 @Voi_Net                                                    Yes                                                         410 Following                                               42.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/boltlabston                                   BOLT Foundation                                             @boltlabston                                                Yes                                                         364 Following                                               5,881 Followers                                             
https://x.com/MemememeNetwork                               Meme Network                                                @MemememeNetwork                                            Yes                                                         181 Following                                               11.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/WayruNetwork                                  Wayru Network                                               @WayruNetwork                                               Yes                                                         808 Following                                               19.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ainetwork_ai                                  AI Network                                                  @ainetwork_ai                                               Yes                                                         218 Following                                               19.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/OraoNetwork                                   ORAO                                                        @OraoNetwork                                                Yes                                                         10 Following                                                11.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/seerlabs_crypto                               Seer Labs                                                   @seerlabs_crypto                                            Yes                                                         144 Following                                               18.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/XDCFoundation                                 XDC Foundation                                              @XDCFoundation                                              Yes                                                         204 Following                                               29.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AtalisNetwork                                 Atalis Network (, ∆)                                        @AtalisNetwork                                              Yes                                                         14 Following                                                31.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TalusNetwork                                  Talus                                                       @TalusNetwork                                               Yes                                                         164 Following                                               27.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/etclabs                                       Ethereum Classic Labs                                       @etclabs                                                    No                                                          699 Following                                               9,570 Followers                                             
https://x.com/AaronTing8                                    Pengu Aaron | Devcon | Network School | ∞ᛤ                  @AaronTing8                                                 Yes                                                         14.1K Following                                             29.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Fone_Network                                  Fone Network                                                @Fone_Network                                               Yes                                                         10 Following                                                7,199 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ENQ_enecuum                                   ENQ (Enecuum) Mobile Blockchain Network                     @ENQ_enecuum                                                No                                                          80 Following                                                18.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SkeyNetwork                                   Skey Network                                                @SkeyNetwork                                                Yes                                                         49 Following                                                33.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/XPRNetwork                                    XPR Network                                                 @XPRNetwork                                                 Yes                                                         181 Following                                               57.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/PlanqFoundation                               Planq                                                       @PlanqFoundation                                            Yes                                                         479 Following                                               7,855 Followers                                             
https://x.com/shyftnetwork                                  Shyft Network                                               @shyftnetwork                                               Yes                                                         3,996 Following                                             24.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SaitoOfficial                                 Saito Network                                               @SaitoOfficial                                              Yes                                                         1,239 Following                                             41.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/mine_blockchain                               MINE Network                                                @mine_blockchain                                            No                                                          50 Following                                                24.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BLOVE_NETWRK                                  BLOVE_NETWORK                                               @BLOVE_NETWRK                                               Yes                                                         39 Following                                                60.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AVAFoundation                                 AVA Foundation                                              @AVAFoundation                                              Yes                                                         132 Following                                               12.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TheLTONetwork                                 LTO Network                                                 @TheLTONetwork                                              Yes                                                         164 Following                                               36.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DCP_Foundation                                Decentralized Pictures                                      @DCP_Foundation                                             Yes                                                         551 Following                                               6,933 Followers                                             
https://x.com/camino_network                                Camino Network                                              @camino_network                                             Yes                                                         55 Following                                                83.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/wenewlabs                                     WENEW Labs                                                  @wenewlabs                                                  No                                                          45 Following                                                10.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlockchainGirls                               Women in Blockchain                                         @BlockchainGirls                                            No                                                          713 Following                                               5,803 Followers                                             
https://x.com/homdaoofficial                                HOM DAO Foundation                                          @homdaoofficial                                             Yes                                                         187 Following                                               7,357 Followers                                             
https://x.com/NFTRescue                                     NFT Rescue Foundation Inc.                                  @NFTRescue                                                  Yes                                                         1,211 Following                                             10.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KandolaNetwork                                Data3.Network                                               @KandolaNetwork                                             Yes                                                         196 Following                                               52.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AventusNetwork                                Aventus                                                     @AventusNetwork                                             Yes                                                         796 Following                                               20.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/b36l_org                                      BBNI - Blockchain Business Network International            @b36l_org                                                   No                                                          0 Following                                                 27.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlokInfluencer                                Blok Influencer                                             @BlokInfluencer                                             Yes                                                         4,736 Following                                             54.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TeritoriNetwork                               Teritori                                                    @TeritoriNetwork                                            Yes                                                         13 Following                                                33K Followers                                               
https://x.com/PolymeshNetwork                               Polymesh                                                    @PolymeshNetwork                                            Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 20.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AeternusF                                     Aeternus Foundation                                         @AeternusF                                                  Yes                                                         343 Following                                               9,625 Followers                                             
https://x.com/IdenaNetwork                                  Idena                                                       @IdenaNetwork                                               Yes                                                         102 Following                                               18.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/LegacyNetworkio                               Legacy Network                                              @LegacyNetworkio                                            Yes                                                         280 Following                                               24.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ligobtc                                       LIGO.Network                                                @ligobtc                                                    Yes                                                         2,162 Following                                             92.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DesmosNetwork                                 Desmos                                                      @DesmosNetwork                                              Yes                                                         307 Following                                               13.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Dvision_network                               Dvision Network                                             @Dvision_network                                            No                                                          498 Following                                               108.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/UBIX_Network                                  UBIX.Network                                                @UBIX_Network                                               Yes                                                         453 Following                                               34.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KDAGFoundation                                KDAG Foundation                                             @KDAGFoundation                                             Yes                                                         12 Following                                                10.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/LegionLabsNFT                                 Legion Labs NFT                                             @LegionLabsNFT                                              Yes                                                         291 Following                                               13.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Flops__Network                                FLOPS                                                       @Flops__Network                                             Yes                                                         24 Following                                                40.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/flamma_network                                Flamma                                                      @flamma_network                                             Yes                                                         12 Following                                                18.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/LifeNetwork_AI                                LIFE AI                                                     @LifeNetwork_AI                                             Yes                                                         37 Following                                                33.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/RentaNetwork                                  Renta Network                                               @RentaNetwork                                               Yes                                                         56 Following                                                27.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MovedNetwork                                  Moved Network                                               @MovedNetwork                                               Yes                                                         84 Following                                                19.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/niftynerds                                    Nifty Nerds Network                                         @niftynerds                                                 Yes                                                         12 Following                                                11.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/futrusim                                      Network Futrusim | Merlin                                   @futrusim                                                   Yes                                                         9 Following                                                 7,613 Followers                                             
https://x.com/TrushNetwork                                  Trush                                                       @TrushNetwork                                               Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 30.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DeStore_Network                               DeStore | Your Phygital Gateway                             @DeStore_Network                                            Yes                                                         727 Following                                               20.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/IamPappaLaj                                   PappaLaj - #XDC #BuildOnXDC #XDCNetwork #WeAreXDC           @IamPappaLaj                                                Yes                                                         2,509 Following                                             8,600 Followers                                             
https://x.com/CryptoRResearch                               CryptoResearch                                              @CryptoRResearch                                            No                                                          535 Following                                               56.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/LtCol_                                        Lt. C⬢l. | Allora Network Maximalist                        @LtCol_                                                     Yes                                                         2,067 Following                                             6,508 Followers                                             
https://x.com/genesis_wallet1                               Genesis Blockchain Labs                                     @genesis_wallet1                                            No                                                          38 Following                                                22.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KitaFoundation_                               Kita Foundation                                             @KitaFoundation_                                            No                                                          14 Following                                                83K Followers                                               
https://x.com/JuratNetwork                                  Jurat                                                       @JuratNetwork                                               Yes                                                         526 Following                                               13.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/NanonNetwork                                  Nanon Network                                               @NanonNetwork                                               Yes                                                         11 Following                                                79.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/RXPNetwork                                    RXP Network                                                 @RXPNetwork                                                 Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 12.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Venomid_network                               Venom ID                                                    @Venomid_network                                            Yes                                                         29 Following                                                13.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/PeacenetworkPC                                Peace Network                                               @PeacenetworkPC                                             Yes                                                         51 Following                                                195.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/CyberNetwork_X                                CyberNetwork                                                @CyberNetwork_X                                             Yes                                                         92 Following                                                14.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Network_Cosmic_                               Cosmic Network                                              @Network_Cosmic_                                            Yes                                                         10 Following                                                17.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/cereofficial                                  Cere Network                                                @cereofficial                                               Yes                                                         87 Following                                                6,499 Followers                                             
https://x.com/QuotoNetwork                                  Quoto                                                       @QuotoNetwork                                               Yes                                                         81 Following                                                31.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BOM_Network                                   BOM Network                                                 @BOM_Network                                                Yes                                                         19 Following                                                31.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Trangphungvn                                  Chloe@U2UNetwork                                            @Trangphungvn                                               Yes                                                         670 Following                                               11.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CoinXofficial_                                CNX Network                                                 @CoinXofficial_                                             No                                                          115 Following                                               206K Followers                                              
https://x.com/sparkchain_net                                SparkChain Network                                          @sparkchain_net                                             Yes                                                         11 Following                                                6,303 Followers                                             
https://x.com/pharos_network                                Pharos                                                      @pharos_network                                             Yes                                                         14 Following                                                6,532 Followers                                             
https://x.com/StakeVaultNet                                 StakeVaultNetwork                                           @StakeVaultNet                                              Yes                                                         37 Following                                                12.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Sardis_Network                                Sardis Network                                              @Sardis_Network                                             Yes                                                         20 Following                                                12.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/HTX_Research                                  HTX Research                                                @HTX_Research                                               No                                                          332 Following                                               12.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/join_nims                                     NIMS Network                                                @join_nims                                                  Yes                                                         78 Following                                                13K Followers                                               
https://x.com/NextGenChain                                  Pink Panda network                                          @NextGenChain                                               Yes                                                         177 Following                                               65.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SIRINLABS                                     SIRIN LABS                                                  @SIRINLABS                                                  No                                                          418 Following                                               18.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/LoopNetwork3                                  Loop Network                                                @LoopNetwork3                                               Yes                                                         188 Following                                               41.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/EthereumNetw                                  ethereum.network                                            @EthereumNetw                                               No                                                          902 Following                                               58.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/WebcoinLabs                                   Webcoin Labs (Formerly Webcoin Capital)                     @WebcoinLabs                                                No                                                          949 Following                                               84.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/hapi_labs                                     HAPI Labs | Analytics & Research                            @hapi_labs                                                  No                                                          10 Following                                                7,405 Followers                                             
https://x.com/DebankLabs                                    Cointelegraph                                               @DebankLabs                                                 No                                                          207 Following                                               8,424 Followers                                             
https://x.com/gicsports                                     GIC SPORTS | Network RWA Blockchain                         @gicsports                                                  No                                                          12 Following                                                7,807 Followers                                             
https://x.com/RareNetworkWeb3                               Rare Network                                                @RareNetworkWeb3                                            No                                                          2,573 Following                                             7,029 Followers                                             
https://x.com/FrenchieToken                                 Frenchie Network - Environment Friendly Blockchain          @FrenchieToken                                              No                                                          199 Following                                               20.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/UtopiaGenesis                                 Utopia Genesis Foundation                                   @UtopiaGenesis                                              No                                                          908 Following                                               12K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Platinum_AIO                                  Platinum Labs                                               @Platinum_AIO                                               No                                                          4 Following                                                 52.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BitGiveOrg                                    BitGive® (acquired by Heifer)                               @BitGiveOrg                                                 No                                                          1,047 Following                                             11.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CeoNicoOk                                     Blockchain, Code, Network, Data Center                      @CeoNicoOk                                                  No                                                          147 Following                                               7,187 Followers                                             
https://x.com/EagleNetworkApp                               Eagle Network                                               @EagleNetworkApp                                            No                                                          67 Following                                                219.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/LegionNetwork__                               Legion Network: The #1 Crypto Super App                     @LegionNetwork__                                            No                                                          90 Following                                                168.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/CharlesBytomDAO                               Charles｜BytomDAO                                            @CharlesBytomDAO                                            No                                                          75 Following                                                199.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/spectrumxnet                                  Spectrum Network                                            @spectrumxnet                                               No                                                          164 Following                                               42.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/pNetworkDeFi                                  pNetwork                                                    @pNetworkDeFi                                               No                                                          334 Following                                               78.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Life_Network_ai                               LIFE AI - G-Expert Support                                  @Life_Network_ai                                            No                                                          43 Following                                                29.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/manishdiesel                                  Manish | Kratos Gamer Network (KGeN)                        @manishdiesel                                               No                                                          1,086 Following                                             14.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/GaryBrackett58                                Theta Network                                               @GaryBrackett58                                             No                                                          900 Following                                               29.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Thermal_Network                               Thermal                                                     @Thermal_Network                                            No                                                          69 Following                                                81.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SteemNetwork                                  Steem                                                       @SteemNetwork                                               No                                                          322 Following                                               15K Followers                                               
https://x.com/pegonetwork                                   PEGO Network                                                @pegonetwork                                                No                                                          95 Following                                                59.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/IbaxNetwork                                   IBAX Network                                                @IbaxNetwork                                                No                                                          250 Following                                               56.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SmartNetwork27                                Smart Blockchain                                            @SmartNetwork27                                             No                                                          47 Following                                                16.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/lum_network                                   Lum Network                                                 @lum_network                                                No                                                          256 Following                                               15.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/blockdagToken                                 BlockDAG Network AMA                                        @blockdagToken                                              No                                                          3,362 Following                                             9,059 Followers                                             
https://x.com/KambriaNetwork                                Kambria                                                     @KambriaNetwork                                             No                                                          274 Following                                               30K Followers                                               
https://x.com/cryptonews__net                               Crypto News Network | IDO-ICO-IGO-INO Updates               @cryptonews__net                                            No                                                          148 Following                                               29.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Won_Network                                   Won Network (A PoW Blockchain)                              @Won_Network                                                No                                                          4 Following                                                 15.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/UmojaLabs                                     Umoja Labs                                                  @UmojaLabs                                                  No                                                          472 Following                                               5,608 Followers                                             
https://x.com/iDesignStrategy                               Al Leong CMO: Blockchain AI Web3 DeFi Health                @iDesignStrategy                                            No                                                          856 Following                                               125.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/BasedBlockX                                   Based Blockchain                                            @BasedBlockX                                                No                                                          1,045 Following                                             85.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Cherry_Network                                Cherry                                                      @Cherry_Network                                             No                                                          22 Following                                                64.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/finssssokk                                    Blockchain enthusiast                                       @finssssokk                                                 No                                                          31 Following                                                5,172 Followers                                             
https://x.com/BizBlockchainHQ                               Business Blockchain HQ                                      @BizBlockchainHQ                                            No                                                          3,061 Following                                             6,837 Followers                                             
https://x.com/blockvocates                                  Blockvocates: Blockchain Advocates                          @blockvocates                                               No                                                          45 Following                                                26.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/redlight                                      Redlight Network                                            @redlight                                                   No                                                          48 Following                                                26.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AcademicLabsID                                AcademicLabsID                                              @AcademicLabsID                                             No                                                          10 Following                                                15.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ParleyLabs                                    Parley Labs                                                 @ParleyLabs                                                 No                                                          201 Following                                               14.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/cst_blockchain                                Crypstarter Network                                         @cst_blockchain                                             No                                                          2 Following                                                 6,894 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Blockchain_Labs                               Blockchain Tech Labs                                        @Blockchain_Labs                                            No                                                          5,929 Following                                             5,433 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Blockchain2050                                Blockchain2050                                              @Blockchain2050                                             No                                                          245 Following                                               7,157 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Mudit__Gupta                                  Mudit Gupta                                                 @Mudit__Gupta                                               Yes                                                         1,016 Following                                             65.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/EchelonFDN                                    Echelon Blockchain                                          @EchelonFDN                                                 No                                                          694 Following                                               10.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Hold_Station                                  Holdstation Research                                        @Hold_Station                                               No                                                          56 Following                                                11.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlocksNThoughts                                𝐂𝐫𝐲𝐩𝐭𝐨 𝐅𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐬                      @BlocksNThoughts                                            Yes                                                         11.9K Following                                             92.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/TaylorGerring                                 tgerring.eth                                                @TaylorGerring                                              Yes                                                         2,636 Following                                             57.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MLabs10                                       MLabs                                                       @MLabs10                                                    No                                                          276 Following                                               5,142 Followers                                             
https://x.com/KryptoLabsHQ                                  KRYPTO LABS                                                 @KryptoLabsHQ                                               No                                                          72 Following                                                45.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BlockchainKinu                                Blockchain Inu                                              @BlockchainKinu                                             No                                                          72.3K Following                                             72.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/VueLabs                                       Vue Protocol  AI Memecoin $V                                @VueLabs                                                    No                                                          3 Following                                                 20.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/_BBBacker_                                    Blockchain Backer ✪                                         @_BBBacker_                                                 No                                                          894 Following                                               8,487 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Airdrop_Expert                                #WAXP Drops                                                 @Airdrop_Expert                                             No                                                          20 Following                                                18.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Around_Network_                               Around Network                                              @Around_Network_                                            No                                                          3 Following                                                 65.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CoreCoinCC                                    Core Blockchain                                             @CoreCoinCC                                                 No                                                          34 Following                                                5,802 Followers                                             
https://x.com/SmartlandsNet                                 Smartlands Network Token - SLT                              @SmartlandsNet                                              No                                                          235 Following                                               14.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BKex_labs                                     BKex_labs                                                   @BKex_labs                                                  No                                                          72 Following                                                6,687 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ErgoFoundation                                Ergo Foundation                                             @ErgoFoundation                                             No                                                          43 Following                                                5,195 Followers                                             
https://x.com/AsureNetwork                                  Asure Network                                               @AsureNetwork                                               No                                                          62 Following                                                13.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Core_002                                      CORE (Satoshi)                                              @Core_002                                                   Yes                                                         55 Following                                                907.2K Followers                                            
https://x.com/crypto_mayor22                                Blockchain Mayor                                            @crypto_mayor22                                             No                                                          45 Following                                                12.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Clark_Ledger                                  CRYPTO RECOVERY EXPERT                                      @Clark_Ledger                                               No                                                          440 Following                                               9,908 Followers                                             
https://x.com/InfoYoyow                                     YOYOW Foundation                                            @InfoYoyow                                                  No                                                          156 Following                                               10.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/newgenlabs                                    Newgen Labs                                                 @newgenlabs                                                 No                                                          721 Following                                               6,927 Followers                                             
https://x.com/islandbakerLABS                               Island Baker Labs                                           @islandbakerLABS                                            No                                                          6,054 Following                                             7,270 Followers                                             
https://x.com/linvestmentl                                  BlockchainDigitalTechnologies                               @linvestmentl                                               No                                                          10.7K Following                                             15.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AXIA_Network                                  AXIA                                                        @AXIA_Network                                               No                                                          2,479 Following                                             13.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DefiEdwin                                     Edwin GMI                                                   @DefiEdwin                                                  Yes                                                         1,376 Following                                             25K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Dapp_Labs                                     dapplabs DAO                                                @Dapp_Labs                                                  No                                                          33 Following                                                10.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/phi_labs                                      Phi Labs                                                    @phi_labs                                                   No                                                          28 Following                                                7,353 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ChiaNetworkNews                               Chia Network News                                           @ChiaNetworkNews                                            No                                                          1,804 Following                                             8,840 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ArtifactLabs_                                 Artifact Labs                                               @ArtifactLabs_                                              No                                                          309 Following                                               5,520 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Blockchain_Amy                                CTYPTO & NFT GIVEAWAYS                                      @Blockchain_Amy                                             No                                                          943 Following                                               20.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/merkleNetwork                                 Merkle Network                                              @merkleNetwork                                              No                                                          152 Following                                               23.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AlexAuroraDev                                 Alex Shevchenko                                             @AlexAuroraDev                                              Yes                                                         241 Following                                               30.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/IMRZLabs                                      IMRZ Labs                                                   @IMRZLabs                                                   No                                                          685 Following                                               7,529 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ignitechain                                   Ignite Blockchain                                           @ignitechain                                                No                                                          24 Following                                                17.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/i2CAT                                         i2CAT                                                       @i2CAT                                                      No                                                          1,231 Following                                             7,411 Followers                                             
https://x.com/BATAIchain                                    Blockchain AI Internet                                      @BATAIchain                                                 No                                                          9 Following                                                 17.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/tsncrypto                                     tsn                                                         @tsncrypto                                                  Yes                                                         3,613 Following                                             39.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/UNetworkHQ                                    U Network                                                   @UNetworkHQ                                                 No                                                          467 Following                                               6,054 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Carmin_Labs                                   Carmin                                                      @Carmin_Labs                                                No                                                          40 Following                                                36.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/translatemenet                                TranslateMe Network                                         @translatemenet                                             No                                                          3,773 Following                                             8,716 Followers                                             
https://x.com/SpbLabs                                       SPB Labs                                                    @SpbLabs                                                    No                                                          346 Following                                               20.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CryptoShillLabs                               Your Daily Crypto Shiller                                   @CryptoShillLabs                                            No                                                          39 Following                                                7,397 Followers                                             
https://x.com/DigiCorpLabs                                  DGMV by DIGICORP Labs                                       @DigiCorpLabs                                               No                                                          30 Following                                                8,071 Followers                                             
https://x.com/portanetwork_                                 Porta Network                                               @portanetwork_                                              No                                                          273 Following                                               14.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ithinkthatsway                                Crypto Analyst                                              @ithinkthatsway                                             No                                                          44K Following                                               52.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/mobius_network                                Mobius                                                      @mobius_network                                             No                                                          41 Following                                                10.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SundaeSwap_Esp                                Sundae Labs  en español                                     @SundaeSwap_Esp                                             No                                                          68 Following                                                7,546 Followers                                             
https://x.com/OasisNetwork_ES                               Oasis Network en Español                                    @OasisNetwork_ES                                            No                                                          134 Following                                               21.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/cryptohunter_id                               Love Blockchain                                             @cryptohunter_id                                            No                                                          3,271 Following                                             6,913 Followers                                             
https://x.com/web3dome                                      Web3 Titan                                                  @web3dome                                                   Yes                                                         53.2K Following                                             245.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Balance_AI                                    BalanceAI Network                                           @Balance_AI                                                 No                                                          249 Following                                               10.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Equal_Network                                 EQUAL                                                       @Equal_Network                                              No                                                          109 Following                                               12K Followers                                               
https://x.com/bhonetwork                                    BHO Network                                                 @bhonetwork                                                 No                                                          2 Following                                                 43K Followers                                               
https://x.com/crypto_TomTom                                 thomas                                                      @crypto_TomTom                                              Yes                                                         550 Following                                               37.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Tokamak_Network                               Tokamak Network                                             @Tokamak_Network                                            No                                                          157 Following                                               11.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Energy8Token                                  Energy8 Labs                                                @Energy8Token                                               No                                                          59 Following                                                5,142 Followers                                             
https://x.com/SubLabs_                                      Sub Labs                                                    @SubLabs_                                                   No                                                          4 Following                                                 13.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Brototype_xyz                                 Brototype Labs                                              @Brototype_xyz                                              No                                                          28 Following                                                5,073 Followers                                             
https://x.com/SogekiLabs                                    Sogeki Labs                                                 @SogekiLabs                                                 No                                                          200 Following                                               9,054 Followers                                             
https://x.com/arrakis_labs                                  ARRAKIS Labs                                                @arrakis_labs                                               No                                                          274 Following                                               6,006 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ChainAfrik                                    ChainAfrik Network                                          @ChainAfrik                                                 No                                                          384 Following                                               11.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/HUPE_Research                                 HUPE Research                                               @HUPE_Research                                              No                                                          137 Following                                               6,774 Followers                                             
https://x.com/zyx__network                                  ZYX NETWORK                                                 @zyx__network                                               No                                                          98 Following                                                9,309 Followers                                             
https://x.com/GeniesLabs                                    Genies Labs                                                 @GeniesLabs                                                 No                                                          51 Following                                                9,801 Followers                                             
https://x.com/PrinceBlockC                                  Prince BlockChain (33.3%)                                   @PrinceBlockC                                               No                                                          276 Following                                               10.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Gael_Secure                                   CRYPTO CURRENCY RECOVERY EXPERT                             @Gael_Secure                                                No                                                          11 Following                                                10.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/0xOneNetwork                                  One Network                                                 @0xOneNetwork                                               No                                                          35 Following                                                17.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/2keyNetwork                                   2key - Reinventing the Link                                 @2keyNetwork                                                No                                                          169 Following                                               5,730 Followers                                             
https://x.com/MGSocialNetwork                               MG.Social                                                   @MGSocialNetwork                                            No                                                          1,408 Following                                             6,672 Followers                                             
https://x.com/TeamfyIO                                      Teamfy Labs                                                 @TeamfyIO                                                   No                                                          52 Following                                                5,049 Followers                                             
https://x.com/kulupunetwork                                 Kulupu Network                                              @kulupunetwork                                              No                                                          4 Following                                                 6,573 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Edohigan_NW                                   Edohigan Network                                            @Edohigan_NW                                                No                                                          43 Following                                                6,535 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Nexis_Labs                                    Nexis Labs                                                  @Nexis_Labs                                                 No                                                          91 Following                                                6,215 Followers                                             
https://x.com/daczarmy                                      CZ Army                                                     @daczarmy                                                   Yes                                                         878 Following                                               251.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/VaseLabs                                      Vaselabs                                                    @VaseLabs                                                   No                                                          77 Following                                                15.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BIONFoundation                                BION Token                                                  @BIONFoundation                                             No                                                          1,424 Following                                             20.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/oreprotocol                                   ORE Network                                                 @oreprotocol                                                No                                                          440 Following                                               33.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/OfficialRate3                                 Rate3 Network ($RTE)                                        @OfficialRate3                                              No                                                          2,138 Following                                             19.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/taklimakan_net                                Taklimakan Network                                          @taklimakan_net                                             No                                                          90 Following                                                14.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ZieshaNetwork                                 Ziesha                                                      @ZieshaNetwork                                              No                                                          2 Following                                                 5,303 Followers                                             
https://x.com/VNTChainLabs                                  VNTChain Labs                                               @VNTChainLabs                                               No                                                          449 Following                                               6,350 Followers                                             
https://x.com/AridiaLabs                                    Aridia Labs                                                 @AridiaLabs                                                 No                                                          31 Following                                                7,456 Followers                                             
https://x.com/smart_mesh                                    SmartMesh Foundation                                        @smart_mesh                                                 No                                                          1,038 Following                                             14.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/timyangnet                                    Tim                                                         @timyangnet                                                 Yes                                                         1,167 Following                                             10K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Cbdcnetwok                                    CBDC NETWORK                                                @Cbdcnetwok                                                 No                                                          7 Following                                                 42.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/crypto_vibes21                                Crypto Vibes                                                @crypto_vibes21                                             Yes                                                         76 Following                                                56K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Cz_Force                                      CZ FORCE                                                    @Cz_Force                                                   Yes                                                         4,578 Following                                             46.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/99Club_Labs                                   99Club_Labs                                                 @99Club_Labs                                                No                                                          269 Following                                               10.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/liquiditynet                                  Liquidity.Network                                           @liquiditynet                                               No                                                          373 Following                                               5,551 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ParetoNetwork                                 ParetoNetwork                                               @ParetoNetwork                                              No                                                          62 Following                                                5,364 Followers                                             
https://x.com/cryptoma67                                    Cryptoma                                                    @cryptoma67                                                 Yes                                                         17.3K Following                                             74.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Enetecosystem                                 𝗘•𝗡𝗲𝘁𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗸                                           @Enetecosystem                                              No                                                          10 Following                                                32.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/GenaroNetwork                                 Genaro Network  (GNX)                                       @GenaroNetwork                                              No                                                          62 Following                                                12.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/HEX_Foundation                                HEX.com 40% APY & 3866x price in 558 days!⬣                 @HEX_Foundation                                             No                                                          0 Following                                                 9,579 Followers                                             
https://x.com/_electronero                                  Electronero Network                                         @_electronero                                               No                                                          374 Following                                               5,918 Followers                                             
https://x.com/kimgarst                                      Kim Garst                                                   @kimgarst                                                   Yes                                                         210.3K Following                                            557.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/alphabetchain                                 Alphabet Network                                            @alphabetchain                                              No                                                          64 Following                                                7,415 Followers                                             
https://x.com/NetworkJanus                                  Janus Network                                               @NetworkJanus                                               No                                                          188 Following                                               5,913 Followers                                             
https://x.com/WhiitePiigeon                                 WhitePigeon Network                                         @WhiitePiigeon                                              No                                                          59 Following                                                49K Followers                                               
https://x.com/ChiomaChukwura2                               Chioma Chukwurah                                            @ChiomaChukwura2                                            Yes                                                         4,498 Following                                             13.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/0x12Mint                                      0x12.mint                                                   @0x12Mint                                                   Yes                                                         1,269 Following                                             11.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AptosGlitchLabs                               APTOS GLITCH LABS                                           @AptosGlitchLabs                                            No                                                          5 Following                                                 6,683 Followers                                             
https://x.com/official_mtms                                 MTMS Network                                                @official_mtms                                              Yes                                                         42 Following                                                14.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ProjectLeven                                  Leven Project Network                                       @ProjectLeven                                               No                                                          0 Following                                                 11.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BAWnetwork                                    BAW Network - DEFI                                          @BAWnetwork                                                 No                                                          54 Following                                                12.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/FishcoinNetwork                               Fishcoin                                                    @FishcoinNetwork                                            No                                                          625 Following                                               8,746 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ClassyCoin                                    Classy Network                                              @ClassyCoin                                                 No                                                          56 Following                                                16.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ProfitNetwork                                 Profitland.Network                                          @ProfitNetwork                                              No                                                          3,999 Following                                             6,507 Followers                                             
https://x.com/EchalnNetwork                                 Echain Network                                              @EchalnNetwork                                              No                                                          94 Following                                                5,934 Followers                                             
https://x.com/FoundationHG                                  HelloGold Foundation                                        @FoundationHG                                               No                                                          251 Following                                               6,352 Followers                                             
https://x.com/lan_network                                   LAN Network                                                 @lan_network                                                No                                                          36 Following                                                31.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/obussmann                                     Oliver Bussmann                                             @obussmann                                                  No                                                          1,258 Following                                             26.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/SuiGlobal                                     SuiGlobal.sui                                               @SuiGlobal                                                  Yes                                                         269 Following                                               449.1K Followers                                            
https://x.com/pakman_media                                  PakMan                                                      @pakman_media                                               Yes                                                         266 Following                                               10.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/MathsNFTs                                     Maths                                                       @MathsNFTs                                                  Yes                                                         3,859 Following                                             50.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/pnncommunity                                  Pi Network Nigeria π                                        @pnncommunity                                               No                                                          17 Following                                                21.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/danheld                                       Dan Held                                                    @danheld                                                    Yes                                                         1,064 Following                                             726.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/Aptos                                         Aptos                                                       @Aptos                                                      Yes                                                         296 Following                                               615.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/BridgedNetwork                                Bridged Network_PRC                                         @BridgedNetwork                                             No                                                          1 Following                                                 21.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DFNetwork99                                   Defighter Network                                           @DFNetwork99                                                No                                                          75 Following                                                10.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BaerChain                                     Baer Chain Foundation                                       @BaerChain                                                  No                                                          296 Following                                               6,533 Followers                                             
https://x.com/HugoPhilion                                   Hugo Philion                                                @HugoPhilion                                                Yes                                                         457 Following                                               96.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Web3Spike                                     Spike Gems | Airdrop                                        @Web3Spike                                                  Yes                                                         305 Following                                               62.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/ClicarNetwork                                 Clicar Folks                                                @ClicarNetwork                                              No                                                          281 Following                                               8,397 Followers                                             
https://x.com/wkaszycki                                     Wojtek Kaszycki                                             @wkaszycki                                                  Yes                                                         1,500 Following                                             8,970 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Nakamigos                                     Nakamigos                                                   @Nakamigos                                                  Yes                                                         0 Following                                                 41.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/zksync                                        ZKsync (∎, ∆)                                               @zksync                                                     Yes                                                         75 Following                                                1.4M Followers                                              
https://x.com/AnmolNetwork                                  Anmol Network                                               @AnmolNetwork                                               No                                                          67 Following                                                13.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/NeilCattermull                                Neil Cattermull                                             @NeilCattermull                                             No                                                          20.3K Following                                             33.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CEOGuy_                                       Ilan Rakhmanov                                              @CEOGuy_                                                    Yes                                                         1,088 Following                                             261.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/defi__josh                                    Jo$h || ₿ ||                                                @defi__josh                                                 Yes                                                         808 Following                                               9,227 Followers                                             
https://x.com/hertz_network                                 Hertz Network                                               @hertz_network                                              No                                                          26 Following                                                17.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/BuSaleh6666                                   Ahmed Saleh Albalooshi                                      @BuSaleh6666                                                Yes                                                         774 Following                                               12K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Bitcoin_World20                               Bitcoin Analyst                                             @Bitcoin_World20                                            Yes                                                         106 Following                                               8,153 Followers                                             
https://x.com/WarrenWhitlock                                Warren Whitlock                                             @WarrenWhitlock                                             Yes                                                         128.9K Following                                            463.9K Followers                                            
https://x.com/cryptoccnetwork                               Cryptocurrency Community Network                            @cryptoccnetwork                                            No                                                          1,912 Following                                             6,773 Followers                                             
https://x.com/thedavedev                                    Dave Isbitski                                               @thedavedev                                                 Yes                                                         1,054 Following                                             18.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/CryptoResearchO                               Crypto Research | AMA + Space                               @CryptoResearchO                                            No                                                          81 Following                                                29.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/grandeethegreat                               GRANDEE                                                     @grandeethegreat                                            Yes                                                         3,381 Following                                             13K Followers                                               
https://x.com/solexpertx                                    SOL Expert                                                  @solexpertx                                                 No                                                          26.3K Following                                             29.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/AChainGalaxy                                  ATT Network                                                 @AChainGalaxy                                               No                                                          28 Following                                                7,615 Followers                                             
https://x.com/GreenoNetwork                                 Greeno Network                                              @GreenoNetwork                                              No                                                          1 Following                                                 21.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Gameluk_Labs                                  Gameluk                                                     @Gameluk_Labs                                               No                                                          1 Following                                                 9,804 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Ex_Worldex                                    SonicX Foundation                                           @Ex_Worldex                                                 No                                                          991 Following                                               5,638 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ZeekaKv                                       Ziesha Network                                              @ZeekaKv                                                    No                                                          4 Following                                                 10.4K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Braatuu                                       Bratu                                                       @Braatuu                                                    Yes                                                         3,836 Following                                             15.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/StellarOrg                                    Stellar | DevCon                                            @StellarOrg                                                 Yes                                                         607 Following                                               767.8K Followers                                            
https://x.com/ValidiumNetwork                               Validium Network                                            @ValidiumNetwork                                            No                                                          78 Following                                                6,157 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Promoter9662                                  𝘾𝙧𝙮𝙥𝙩𝙤 𝘾𝙖𝙩𝙖𝙡𝙮𝙨𝙩                               @Promoter9662                                               Yes                                                         7,639 Following                                             34.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KingChaineth_                                 KingChain - Web3 space                                      @KingChaineth_                                              Yes                                                         1,090 Following                                             141.7K Followers                                            
https://x.com/muskan_kalra24                                Muskan Kalra                                                @muskan_kalra24                                             Yes                                                         2,438 Following                                             5,855 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Cosmino_                                      Cosmino                                                     @Cosmino_                                                   Yes                                                         296 Following                                               18.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/srigopal_hyd                                  Srigopal Bhattad                                            @srigopal_hyd                                               Yes                                                         1,250 Following                                             16K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Chaintechx                                    CHAINTECH                                                   @Chaintechx                                                 Yes                                                         125 Following                                               32K Followers                                               
https://x.com/MultiversX                                    Multiversᕽ                                                  @MultiversX                                                 Yes                                                         381 Following                                               692.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/antony_DXB                                    Antony                                                      @antony_DXB                                                 Yes                                                         189 Following                                               41.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Noahhweb3                                     Noah                                                        @Noahhweb3                                                  Yes                                                         83.1K Following                                             172.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/IgorStadnykINC4                               Igor Stadnyk (,)                                            @IgorStadnykINC4                                            Yes                                                         2,800 Following                                             8,334 Followers                                             
https://x.com/ryuk_nl                                       Ryuk                                                        @ryuk_nl                                                    Yes                                                         1,752 Following                                             11.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/GreenNetwork_io                               Green Network                                               @GreenNetwork_io                                            No                                                          7 Following                                                 5,060 Followers                                             
https://x.com/alex_dreyfus                                  Alexandre Dreyfus                                           @alex_dreyfus                                               Yes                                                         7,237 Following                                             213.6K Followers                                            
https://x.com/CurveNetwork                                  Curve Network                                               @CurveNetwork                                               No                                                          71 Following                                                7,750 Followers                                             
https://x.com/getgemsdotio                                  Getgems  - TON NFT Marketplace                              @getgemsdotio                                               Yes                                                         318 Following                                               243.4K Followers                                            
https://x.com/mrcryptoknows                                 Mr. Crypto                                                  @mrcryptoknows                                              Yes                                                         45 Following                                                140.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/KriptoAksiyon                                 Ali Orhan                                                   @KriptoAksiyon                                              Yes                                                         880 Following                                               45K Followers                                               
https://x.com/Cyber_trackers                                CYBER RECOVERY TRACKERS                                     @Cyber_trackers                                             Yes                                                         531 Following                                               13.9K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Seymirel                                      Seymirel                                                    @Seymirel                                                   Yes                                                         997 Following                                               49.8K Followers                                             
https://x.com/danicuki                                      Daniel Cukier                                               @danicuki                                                   No                                                          1,074 Following                                             7,128 Followers                                             
https://x.com/cryptojaguarx                                 ♛ CRYPTO JAGUAR                                             @cryptojaguarx                                              No                                                          5,129 Following                                             21.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/lukso_io                                      LUKSO                                                       @lukso_io                                                   Yes                                                         5 Following                                                 63.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/georgelevy                                    George Levy                                                 @georgelevy                                                 Yes                                                         1,591 Following                                             5,672 Followers                                             
https://x.com/jessebryan                                    Jesse Bryan                                                 @jessebryan                                                 Yes                                                         8,367 Following                                             9,891 Followers                                             
https://x.com/anndylian                                     Anndy Lian                                                  @anndylian                                                  Yes                                                         134 Following                                               173.3K Followers                                            
https://x.com/PiNewsMedia                                   Pi News                                                     @PiNewsMedia                                                Yes                                                         22 Following                                                969.5K Followers                                            
https://x.com/DiamondNFL                                    Diamond                                                     @DiamondNFL                                                 Yes                                                         1,132 Following                                             6,336 Followers                                             
https://x.com/wangtuai888                                   小威                                                          @wangtuai888                                                Yes                                                         2,375 Following                                             51.1K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DigitalChamber                                The Digital Chamber                                         @DigitalChamber                                             Yes                                                         3,373 Following                                             31.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/tonkongz                                      Justin Hyun                                                 @tonkongz                                                   Yes                                                         1,083 Following                                             9,427 Followers                                             
https://x.com/Pgm__x                                        MAKAVELI                                                    @Pgm__x                                                     Yes                                                         1,116 Following                                             6,860 Followers                                             
https://x.com/AIWhisper_                                    AIWhisper                                                   @AIWhisper_                                                 Yes                                                         3,800 Following                                             12.6K Followers                                             
https://x.com/NICOnJUUL                                     NICO & JUUL                                                 @NICOnJUUL                                                  Yes                                                         454 Following                                               41.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/yoniassia                                     Yoni Assia                                                  @yoniassia                                                  Yes                                                         9,582 Following                                             47.7K Followers                                             
https://x.com/HolgerKoether                                 Holger Köther                                               @HolgerKoether                                              Yes                                                         495 Following                                               22.2K Followers                                             
https://x.com/iamnickrose                                   Nick Rose                                                   @iamnickrose                                                Yes                                                         1,612 Following                                             129.7K Followers                                            
https://x.com/caleb_banister                                cb                                                          @caleb_banister                                             Yes                                                         204 Following                                               7,142 Followers                                             
https://x.com/RudesLounge                                   Rudes Crypto Lounge Official                                @RudesLounge                                                Yes                                                         2,096 Following                                             20.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/DLancerOfficial                               DLancer.io                                                  @DLancerOfficial                                            Yes                                                         19 Following                                                7,339 Followers                                             
https://x.com/youfadedwealth                                Faded                                                       @youfadedwealth                                             Yes                                                         4,461 Following                                             26.5K Followers                                             
https://x.com/Crypto_H86                                    ALGaith                                                     @Crypto_H86                                                 Yes                                                         938 Following                                               45.3K Followers                                             
https://x.com/KriptoFati                                    KriptoFati   Dubai                                          @KriptoFati                                                 Yes                                                         898 Following                                               102.2K Followers